okay this is just going to be a quick
demonstration of mounting and unmounting
my Sakai you heart bags very
straightforward and then although or the
mounting bracket tree and and the
installation and comments about it in
jail
blocking hinge this up pull out the
water turn my quarter locks just drop
them the bag one it's just a matter of
giving it some port leaning it out
slowly comes right off
this solution is the exact opposite just
take this hook place it on the bracket
and then you've got hands-free to line
up to your posts with your grandma Colts
so I tend to put the front grommet on
first is tends to be easiest to situate
grab one of your corners okay you can
get both on the same time that's
actually a much better you just kind of
rock them up and down until they call
slide all the way in
hold it with your knee quarter turn and
how it will read latches there you go
turn that one grab the second one make
sure it just fully seated off the post
watch come grab the camera and do a
little walk-around very straightforward
it's the shows the quarter turn quick
detach from settlement there are the s
for settlement s for mounting brackets
on that brackets a mounting hardware
this basically quarter-turn posts that
go on the the quarter turn the threaded
rod and the lock nuts and everything
comes separate from the actual saddlebag
brackets themselves so you basically
need to buy two things to combine they
were about 120 dollars the post mounting
set was about $85 so it's a good $50
less than goats brackets and you can get
it set up pretty darn close I measured
this the distance from this grommet to
the actual interior side of the rear
brace it's exactly one in 1/16 inch and
that's pretty darn close compared to the
only thing I think would that would fit
better is a custom fabricated setup so
anyways onto the bags very very good
build quality with the exception of the
fact that I got the unfinished version
so they tend to take a little bit of
Liberty with how they don't finish
things like that seen right I'll have to
rough this in and sand it out and get it
all nice and smooth and get ready for
paint they say it's paint ready but it's
really not I wouldn't paint that
obviously the gaskets are not fitted
because you need to paint it so I cut
these two you know close to the length
of where they need to be and then
there's wrinkles and I'm but when you
when you mount these you'll put glue
inside of them and they'll all glue
flush and be nice and neat after you
tape it up and then let it dry and take
the tape off interior is pre carpeted
very nice carpeting
they are fiberglass so there's a bit of
a fiberglass smell it's not overbearing
though
and I have these two holes here because
their hinges don't have any limitation
on the rotation so what they did is it
had an internal limiting strap that was
riveted to the lid and then riveted to
the body my lower quick-detach mounting
point actually engulfed the hole that
was left on this side so I still have
the hole in the lid that'll need to be
patched when I do the bodywork but if I
lift this up and come back you can see
this need to rotate if my handle bars
weren't right where they're at but it
would continue to rotate and put stress
on this joint which is why they put the
limiting straps on what I plan on doing
is very straightforward I'm putting the
aluminum straps on the inside so that a
length of material that will bulge will
be mounted to the inside lower mounting
point here would be a leather strap and
it will come in mount here as well so
that the lid will not open any longer
than the length of the strap will allow
and it'll just put a little bit stress
on this lip which one I'm done it's
going to be nice and strong to be
painted this will be glued in and
there'll be no rubbing points other than
on the rubber gasket so it'll all work
nicely and then as you can see an
interior volume very ample fit in a
water jug one gallon have no doubts I
can fit two more in there easily another
one right next to it and another one
leaning on its side I would say interior
volumes probably somewhere in the
neighborhood of four and a half to
probably close to six gallons somewhere
in that range quite a bit I could very
easily fit four water jugs one or two on
each side and enough groceries to feed
myself for a week so very very pleased
with it I just have a lot of finishing
work to do in order to color match from
my custom paint that I did so there you
have it a installation review of the you
see they can be done in their name
pretty sure it's pronounced tsukai you
the tea is probably silent and I don't
know if it's a guy or k.k you were kind
of but either way Japanese made very
good quality very pleased